fix: implementing close trigger + fixing tooltip not closing outside of element (#2760)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/lucky-parks-raise.md

---
'@solid-design-system/components': minor
---

> Implementing a 'close-trigger' attribute to better control what triggers closing the 'sd-tooltip'. Fixed tooltip not closing outside the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementing a `close-trigger` attribute to better control what triggers closing the `sd-tooltip`. Fixed tooltip not closing outside the element.
```
